I heard rumors that in Highfell, there are loads and loads of potions.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
I need you to kill the glyphids in Ravenholm, and bring me back the wand I left there.
Kill the biter guarding the entrance to the Overgrown Carapace, and when you're done, report back to me.
The last thing I needed today was to be attacked by a group of crawlers, but here we are. Help me kill them, and I'll give you my flask as a reward.
Please help me find my herb, I left it at the Last Drop.. but the biter there.. it took it from me. I need it back.
Kill the ghost guarding the entrance to Crystal Peak, and when you're done, report back to me.
I heard rumors that in Columbia, there are loads and loads of letters.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
The last thing I needed today was to be attacked by a group of gnomes, but here we are. Help me kill them, and I'll give you my dagger as a reward.
I need you to kill the golems in the Overgrown Carapace, and bring me back the starshard I left there.
I need you to kill the ogres in Highfell, and bring me back the shortsword I left there.
I heard rumors that in Crystal Peak, there are loads and loads of potions.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
The item we need, the letter, was last rumored to be at Rapture, but unfortunately for us, it's guarded by goblins. Kill them and we're in.
I need you to find the ogre guarding the entrance to Ravenholm, and kill it.
Head out to Rapture and grab as many vials as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
Go out and collect some coins for me, and I'll give you my hammer as a reward.
Kill the zombie guarding the entrance to Fog Canyon, and when you're done, report back to me.
I need you to kill the faeries in Ardentcroft, and bring me back the shortsword I left there.
Kill the ghost guarding the entrance to Rapture, and when you're done, report back to me.
I heard rumors that in Pearldom, there are loads and loads of bombs.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
I need you to find the golem guarding the entrance to the Overgrown Carapace, and kill it.
Go out and collect some bombs for me, and I'll give you my hammer as a reward.
Please help me find my potion, I left it at Crystal Peak.. but the centaur there.. it took it from me. I need it back.
Head out to Rapture and grab as many letters as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
Head out to the Overgrown Carapace and grab as many appless as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
Please help me find my vial, I left it at Ardentcroft.. but the golem there.. it took it from me. I need it back.
Go out and collect some hammers for me, and I'll give you my bomb as a reward.
I need you to kill the golems in Pearldom, and bring me back the herb I left there.
I heard rumors that in Columbia, there are loads and loads of bombs.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
Go out and collect some shortswords for me, and I'll give you my dagger as a reward.
Kill the pixie guarding the entrance to Highfell, and when you're done, report back to me.
Head out to Crystal Peak and grab as many coins as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
The item we need, the wand, was last rumored to be at Ardentcroft, but unfortunately for us, it's guarded by specters. Kill them and we're in.
Head out to Fog Canyon and grab as many coins as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
Head out to the Last Drop and grab as many pouchs as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
I need you to find the ghost guarding the entrance to Columbia, and kill it.
I need you to kill the glyphids in the Overgrown Carapace, and bring me back the hammer I left there.
Head out to Crystal Peak and grab as many potions as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
The last thing I needed today was to be attacked by a group of ogres, but here we are. Help me kill them, and I'll give you my herb as a reward.
I need you to find the ogre guarding the entrance to Ladenborrow, and kill it.
Go out and collect some daggers for me, and I'll give you my pouch as a reward.
Please help me find my pouch, I left it at Ravenholm.. but the crawler there.. it took it from me. I need it back.
I heard rumors that in Columbia, there are loads and loads of vials.. pretty easy way to make money if you ask me.
Head out to Ladenborrow and grab as many bows as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
I need you to find the faerie guarding the entrance to Highfell, and kill it.
Head out to Crystal Peak and grab as many coins as you can find, we only need 15 but anything extra would be helpful.
I need you to find the dragon guarding the entrance to Fog Canyon, and kill it.
The item we need, the shortsword, was last rumored to be at Columbia, but unfortunately for us, it's guarded by gorgons. Kill them and we're in.
The item we need, the starshard, was last rumored to be at the Last Drop, but unfortunately for us, it's guarded by goblins. Kill them and we're in.
Please help me find my apples, I left it at the Overgrown Carapace.. but the specter there.. it took it from me. I need it back.
I need you to kill the gnomes in Ravenholm, and bring me back the bow I left there.
